When the long, sunny days of summer transitions to the chilly, windy nights of fall, 
a village high in the mountains vanishes. When the village vanishes a heavy darkeness looms. 
The dense air and penetrating breeze keep the joyous villagers scurrying indoors. This, and 
many villagers know that in the mountains of the far away village there is a tiny beast who lives in a wooden hut. 

The wooden hut rests but a few dozen meters from the snow capped summit.
Unlit and worn from disrepair the hut still stands.
Inside the wind howls through the cracks split in the wooden slat cieling.
Aside the door in the shadowed corner rests the remains of those who once called this home.
Yet something still lingers and skitters about, a tiny beast who has made this his home.

There lay a tiny beast in his new comfort home,
with a half finished corpse by his side,
Suddenly a flying arrow from the dark shot right through his eye,
Blood running down the face of the golden fur beast, 
An angry roar coming out of a mouth full of sharp teeth,
From behind the rock, the hunter reached for his arrow quiver. 

The arrow belonged to a braveheart. He was the one who stood for those who cannot stand, 
who speaks for those who cannot speak, who holds up the arms of the weary, who offered hope 
to those who have lost their way. Did the arrow feel familiar to the beast? Yes, it did indeed, 
because it belonged to someone who had the scent of someone who was his kill some time before. 
The beast wanted to enjoy the same blood again.

Through the blur of pain and rage, the beast staggered outside the the hut, 
using his uninjured senses to search for his hunter—and prey.
The archer, hidden in the branches of a pine, notched the next arrow. 
The beast paused, his snout drawing long, searching breaths until he found that long familiar scent.
He leapt just as the archer loosed his arrow. 
The shaft drove deep into the beast's chest, while his teeth found their mark in the archer's throat. 
Together they tumbled to the ground; the war between the two finally come to a close. 
Each had found their vengeance. 

Atop the mountain, the chill wind howled. 

As a heavy nights falls, so does a ponderous peace. taking nights smooth and gather toghter.
the villagers enjhoy a new tranquilly. they created for them self to enjoy it when it matters.
Unbeknwonst of the beats satisfied blood lust. both beast and hunters blood run down the mountain.
forming a new era of life.

